What is Imagiminds Hack(h)er?

Imagiminds Hack(h)er is the first Hackathon being organised by Imagiminds. At Imagiminds, we encourage girls to take up STEM fields and help them with a platform to unleash their talent. 
Imagimind's Hack(h)er is aimed at promoting technical finesse and bringing out the best of the ideas amongst the participants. We intent to bring together of plethora of talent contributing technical innovations and ideas.
With this hackathon, we aim to contribute to everyone's learning experience, making everyone believe in their potential and achieving greater heights.

On (date), this event will challenge participants to think unconventionally, put their thinking caps on and come up with new ideas on what they can build.



Why sponsor us?

Imagiminds is an organisation which provides girls with a platform to unleash their talent and take up STEM fields. We regularly conduct webinars and workshops, have free certification courses in various fields to provide girls with an exposure to what STEM fields are.

Generally, girls are held back from taking up careers in STEM fields due to various reasons. Through Imagiminds, we aim to provide each and every girl with an opportunity to explore STEM fields and reduce the gender gap in STEM occupations. 

This hackathon aims to aid us in fulfilling our vision to provide girls opportunities. They will have a platform to show their skills, learn and look out the opportunities available for them. As a 'Girls-only Hackathon', Imagiminds Hack(h)er will be a one-of-a-kind event.

Imagiminds Hack(h)er will be a great opportunity for both participants and companies to attract attention. You will be able to recruit prospective talent and showcase your brand as well. 

We need your help to make this event happen in the most attractive and exciting way possible.


Concluding Note

As a team of enthusiastic individuals, we are really eager for the event and its learning experiences for all of us. We look forward to hearing back from you. 
Please feel free to contact us for any questions that you may have on imagimindstem@gmail.com